11/README.md, before:

# Windows 11

**[DEMO Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7b_xYDyex8)**

**Edition：** Windows 11 Pro

**OS Build：** 22623.1250

**ISO Size：** 1.64GB

**Download：** [EN-US + ZH-CN + ZH-TW](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/iso/22623.1250_Atlas_MulLang_230303.iso)

**SHA-256：** a7b0c70fe517927eb46b6f1a88803ccd10cd73d7acddabd35877ec9bf9380d47

**Highlights：**
- Rectify11 boot
- Integrated some Atlas OS optimization.
- Built-in 3 system languages. (Please refer to the setting method of the DEMO video.)

----

**[DEMO Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FfHfBRTBluA)**

**Edition：** Windows 11 Pro

**OS Build：**
- EN-US：22623.1037
- ZH-CN：22623.1037
- ZH-TW：22623.1028

**ISO Size：**
- EN-US：1.62GB
- ZH-CN：1.72GB
- ZH-TW：1.66GB

**Download：**
- EN-US：[Github](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/iso/22623.1037_atlas_en_230104.iso)
- ZH-CN：[Github](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/iso/22623.1037_atlas_cn_230105.iso)、[Baidu](https://pan.baidu.com/s/1YQOEBZSVYVKWfxC6iQ-c0Q?pwd=wsos)
- ZH-TW：[Github](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/iso/22623.1028_atlas_230102.iso)

**SHA-256：**
- EN-US：dd02c666a63f57bb9979476567a6178fe8b56591a539e05b94472489c0b8067d
- ZH-CN：7a1175aaecf075477aeadd6e8dafb0a40778c2bd25c6cee290701ec0ffa42f57
- ZH-TW：1feb9c22f8e543c12856b98a60b34a24f29337e19aa90853c0a4d534e10635e4

**Highlights：**
- Rectify11 boot
- Integrated some Atlas OS optimization.

----

**[DEMO Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8zM38Mk4Zc)**

**Edition：** Windows 11 Home

**OS Build：** 22000.1219

**ISO Size：** 2.92GB

**Download：** [Link](https://gmnfuedutw-my.sharepoint.com/:u:/g/personal/40543229_gm_nfu_edu_tw/EbiuOFdyKjpJrgQ-MbT4_zsB6yTzaGe_7UNJobu6Qibw8Q?e=U7vCY3)

**SHA-256：** 0b1bebb5f98c68bee5f1634c7aa6c68214772227bfc9efdb7e0404d1f8e0364a

**Notice：**
- For those who want to use the genuine key.

----

**Preview：**
![1](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/blob/master/preview/22623.746_221018_1.png)
![2](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/blob/master/preview/22623.746_221018_2.png)

#### Release Date：2022/10/18

**Edition：** Windows 11 Pro

**OS Build：** 22623.746

**ISO Size：** 1.73GB

**Download：** [Link](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/iso/22623.746_221018.iso)

**SHA-256：** 7497a1419afca4c7728269138b714124a3bf06378a7ff2ac10863336145bdf6f

**Highlights：**
- Rectify11 boot
- Extreme Lite but retain Store, Xbox

----

**Preview：**
![1](/preview/22621.730_221011.png)

#### Release Date：2022/10/11

**Edition：** Windows 11 Pro

**OS Build：** 22621.730

**ISO Size：** 2.75GB

**Download：** [Part1](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/iso/22621.730_221011.part1.rar)、[Part2](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/iso/22621.730_221011.part2.rar)

**SHA-256：** 7b25efba6269b08bf57ffa040c1adae085541a147b4aef15889bdb2dc2195a7d

**Highlights：**
- Rectify11 boot
- Slightly optimized and debloated
- CU can be installed normally (as preview image)

----

**Preview：**
![1](/preview/22622.608_221002.png)

#### Release Date：2022/10/02

**Edition：** Windows 11 Pro for Workstations

**OS Build：** 22622.608

**ISO Size：** 2.73GB

**Download：** [Part1](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/iso/22622.608_221002.part1.rar)、[Part2](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/iso/22622.608_221002.part2.rar)

**SHA-256：** be9c1a2ae21fe42c1330d7b0f8360d63d4f1781d9f8df147d8d0a6a53bb75c82

----

**Preview：**
![1](/preview/22621.525_221001_en.png)

#### Release Date：2022/10/01

**Edition：** Windows 11 Pro

**OS Build：** 22621.525

**ISO Size：**
- EN-US：2.62GB
- ZH-TW：2.71GB

**Download：**
- EN-US：[Part1](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/iso/22621.525_221001_en.part1.rar)、[Part2](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/iso/22621.525_221001_en.part2.rar)
- ZH-TW：[Part1](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/iso/22621.525_221001.part1.rar)、[Part2](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/iso/22621.525_221001.part2.rar)

**SHA-256：**
- EN-US：9944a67df2ebc6897b3ff30169a20d7765bf33e81a9075064a9ad8eb04a40058
- ZH-TW：aa8d35491bed7a52ab8a7ee106e247d9603e44202f1b0ebf7571a9a1371a6ff6

----

**Preview：**
![1](/preview/22621.607_core_220926.png)

#### Release Date：2022/09/26

**Edition：** Windows 11 Home

**OS Build：** 22621.607

**ISO Size：** 2.6GB

**Download：** [Part1](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/iso/22621.607_core_220926.part1.rar)、[Part2](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/iso/22621.607_core_220926.part2.rar)

**SHA-256：** 38138c0164b99fd6cdfe14830b5efc2277bb345516cc065490313e4ea51048ce

----

**Preview：**
![1](/preview/22621.317_220811.png)

#### Release Date：2022/08/11

**Edition：** Windows 11 Pro

**OS Build：** 22621.317

**ISO Size：** 2.65GB (Ver.1)、1.83GB (Ver.2)

**Download：** [Ver.1](https://gmnfuedutw-my.sharepoint.com/:u:/g/personal/40543229_gm_nfu_edu_tw/ES76XSvFq6xPgxf7QHS5BmIBGsmxSBAWfT04QfdY0VaiAA?e=eFZknx)、[Ver.2](https://gmnfuedutw-my.sharepoint.com/:u:/g/personal/40543229_gm_nfu_edu_tw/EcQEFAg8QMFCl_sdEAj_wFMBQQ7TNlD2ozzW5_hIZx6POA?e=JX7AuK)

**SHA-256：**
- Ver.1: 8180c49eed671cba6df0033380c2f17d4712f01d9d9b44f3083eef1ef7402343
- Ver.2: ba613199c9cc738eca3eb14940cc3283de4efca6b78f1fa8484826fed23fab02

**Highlights：**
- Rectify11 boot
- Rectify11 winver
- Preinstall VC++ Runtime
- Debloated

Commit message:

added version 2
If you have problems booting the ISO please use this version 
instead.

11/README.md, after:

# Windows 11

**[DEMO Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7b_xYDyex8)**

**Edition：** Windows 11 Pro

**OS Build：** 22623.1250

**ISO Size：** 1.64GB

**Download：** [EN-US + ZH-CN + ZH-TW](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/iso/22623.1250_Atlas_MulLang_230303.iso)

**SHA-256：** a7b0c70fe517927eb46b6f1a88803ccd10cd73d7acddabd35877ec9bf9380d47

**Highlights：**
- Rectify11 boot
- Integrated some Atlas OS optimization.
- Built-in 3 system languages. (Please refer to the setting method of the **[DEMO Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7b_xYDyex8)**.)

**Notice：**
- If you have problems booting the ISO please use [this version](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/w11.230303/22623.1250_Atlas_MulLang_230303f.iso) instead.

----

**[DEMO Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FfHfBRTBluA)**

**Edition：** Windows 11 Pro

**OS Build：**
- EN-US：22623.1037
- ZH-CN：22623.1037
- ZH-TW：22623.1028

**ISO Size：**
- EN-US：1.62GB
- ZH-CN：1.72GB
- ZH-TW：1.66GB

**Download：**
- EN-US：[Github](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/iso/22623.1037_atlas_en_230104.iso)
- ZH-CN：[Github](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/iso/22623.1037_atlas_cn_230105.iso)、[Baidu](https://pan.baidu.com/s/1YQOEBZSVYVKWfxC6iQ-c0Q?pwd=wsos)
- ZH-TW：[Github](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/iso/22623.1028_atlas_230102.iso)

**SHA-256：**
- EN-US：dd02c666a63f57bb9979476567a6178fe8b56591a539e05b94472489c0b8067d
- ZH-CN：7a1175aaecf075477aeadd6e8dafb0a40778c2bd25c6cee290701ec0ffa42f57
- ZH-TW：1feb9c22f8e543c12856b98a60b34a24f29337e19aa90853c0a4d534e10635e4

**Highlights：**
- Rectify11 boot
- Integrated some Atlas OS optimization.

----

**[DEMO Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8zM38Mk4Zc)**

**Edition：** Windows 11 Home

**OS Build：** 22000.1219

**ISO Size：** 2.92GB

**Download：** [Link](https://gmnfuedutw-my.sharepoint.com/:u:/g/personal/40543229_gm_nfu_edu_tw/EbiuOFdyKjpJrgQ-MbT4_zsB6yTzaGe_7UNJobu6Qibw8Q?e=U7vCY3)

**SHA-256：** 0b1bebb5f98c68bee5f1634c7aa6c68214772227bfc9efdb7e0404d1f8e0364a

**Notice：**
- For those who want to use the genuine key.

----

**Preview：**
![1](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/blob/master/preview/22623.746_221018_1.png)
![2](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/blob/master/preview/22623.746_221018_2.png)

#### Release Date：2022/10/18

**Edition：** Windows 11 Pro

**OS Build：** 22623.746

**ISO Size：** 1.73GB

**Download：** [Link](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/iso/22623.746_221018.iso)

**SHA-256：** 7497a1419afca4c7728269138b714124a3bf06378a7ff2ac10863336145bdf6f

**Highlights：**
- Rectify11 boot
- Extreme Lite but retain Store, Xbox

----

**Preview：**
![1](/preview/22621.730_221011.png)

#### Release Date：2022/10/11

**Edition：** Windows 11 Pro

**OS Build：** 22621.730

**ISO Size：** 2.75GB

**Download：** [Part1](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/iso/22621.730_221011.part1.rar)、[Part2](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/iso/22621.730_221011.part2.rar)

**SHA-256：** 7b25efba6269b08bf57ffa040c1adae085541a147b4aef15889bdb2dc2195a7d

**Highlights：**
- Rectify11 boot
- Slightly optimized and debloated
- CU can be installed normally (as preview image)

----

**Preview：**
![1](/preview/22622.608_221002.png)

#### Release Date：2022/10/02

**Edition：** Windows 11 Pro for Workstations

**OS Build：** 22622.608

**ISO Size：** 2.73GB

**Download：** [Part1](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/iso/22622.608_221002.part1.rar)、[Part2](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/iso/22622.608_221002.part2.rar)

**SHA-256：** be9c1a2ae21fe42c1330d7b0f8360d63d4f1781d9f8df147d8d0a6a53bb75c82

----

**Preview：**
![1](/preview/22621.525_221001_en.png)

#### Release Date：2022/10/01

**Edition：** Windows 11 Pro

**OS Build：** 22621.525

**ISO Size：**
- EN-US：2.62GB
- ZH-TW：2.71GB

**Download：**
- EN-US：[Part1](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/iso/22621.525_221001_en.part1.rar)、[Part2](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/iso/22621.525_221001_en.part2.rar)
- ZH-TW：[Part1](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/iso/22621.525_221001.part1.rar)、[Part2](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/iso/22621.525_221001.part2.rar)

**SHA-256：**
- EN-US：9944a67df2ebc6897b3ff30169a20d7765bf33e81a9075064a9ad8eb04a40058
- ZH-TW：aa8d35491bed7a52ab8a7ee106e247d9603e44202f1b0ebf7571a9a1371a6ff6

----

**Preview：**
![1](/preview/22621.607_core_220926.png)

#### Release Date：2022/09/26

**Edition：** Windows 11 Home

**OS Build：** 22621.607

**ISO Size：** 2.6GB

**Download：** [Part1](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/iso/22621.607_core_220926.part1.rar)、[Part2](https://github.com/WhatTheBlock/WindowsSimplify/releases/download/iso/22621.607_core_220926.part2.rar)

**SHA-256：** 38138c0164b99fd6cdfe14830b5efc2277bb345516cc065490313e4ea51048ce

----

**Preview：**
![1](/preview/22621.317_220811.png)

#### Release Date：2022/08/11

**Edition：** Windows 11 Pro

**OS Build：** 22621.317

**ISO Size：** 2.65GB (Ver.1)、1.83GB (Ver.2)

**Download：** [Ver.1](https://gmnfuedutw-my.sharepoint.com/:u:/g/personal/40543229_gm_nfu_edu_tw/ES76XSvFq6xPgxf7QHS5BmIBGsmxSBAWfT04QfdY0VaiAA?e=eFZknx)、[Ver.2](https://gmnfuedutw-my.sharepoint.com/:u:/g/personal/40543229_gm_nfu_edu_tw/EcQEFAg8QMFCl_sdEAj_wFMBQQ7TNlD2ozzW5_hIZx6POA?e=JX7AuK)

**SHA-256：**
- Ver.1: 8180c49eed671cba6df0033380c2f17d4712f01d9d9b44f3083eef1ef7402343
- Ver.2: ba613199c9cc738eca3eb14940cc3283de4efca6b78f1fa8484826fed23fab02

**Highlights：**
- Rectify11 boot
- Rectify11 winver
- Preinstall VC++ Runtime
- Debloated
